In addition to extracting text,
there are some useful functions for changing how your text is displayed.
One of these is concatenate.
Concatenate gives us a way to combine a list of text items from multiple cells easily.
Let's see how that looks with some very simple examples.
In this example, I have some tabular information: first name,
last name and location.
I can use concatenate to create sentences with this information.
The first name, then a space,
the last name, then a phrase,
lives in, with spaces,
then the location and a period.
Fill it down and I have my sentences.
They look a little funny though,
I think there may have been some spaces I didn't see in the data.
That happens a lot,
which is why the trim function is so helpful.
I can just put it right at the front of my other function,
with a closing parenthesis on the end, fill it down.
There, that fixed it.
A few more easy functions that can clean up data.
To ensure that names and places are properly capitalized,
the proper function works great.
Upper makes all letters upper case,
and lower does the opposite,
makes all letters lowercase.